Hello everyone today for women
let's make one of the evergreens of make-up
and that is the smoky eyes is a trick that not
it will never go out of style we see it everywhere
we see it at gala evenings on the red
you can do a carpet evening trick
do many colors and today we will do it
the classic one the most daring maybe
like me they also use it quietly
by day and I tell you it's easier than
what it seems
we can start as a fat base
black we make the classic version
for today then maybe I tell you how to play
how can you make it more colorful?
tonight if I go out for dinner and
lifted up
so warm with your fingers
of fingers will help me to fade into
produced with a gradient brush
I take an opaque gray eyeshadow then
same shimmer third nothing
I always beat the excess and began to
apply it over the fatty base
no
with a gradient brush a little more
wide of what than before
I go a little in the fold with a color
opaque brown not too dark this there
helps a little with light touches and me
I recommend it helps us a little bit to create
that smoothie effect we give up
blend a little
macheda and above
at the fireplace fading into this movement
forward back forward and backward
we begin to fail
the secret, however, of the last church
even if it doesn't have to be completely
a precision trick is still that
to fade
to create an effect a little more grade
I don't use the brown that I used before
along with the slightly lighter brown and
begins to go higher
always with a gradient brush but
a little bit smaller takes a
brown, always opaque, however, for shooting and lo
I put here in a fold
I'm good with the first brush
the colors together
if you wish you could leave it like this then
but with a nice dark gray I apply
black on the eyelid above the gray
I take the black pencil and milk
inside the eyes always rhyme
lower and higher because you don't have to
just seeing not even a minimum of
skin must be all dark
since we have the pencil in hand
We outline we also obscure the part that
at the hairline to make
all very dark with a small brush
small we apply some of the brown
dark mixed with black
let's go right here where there is the
pencil
the choice is yours with an eye shadow
use it opaque and only clear or a little
put some shimmer here
at the inner corner a hair below for
give this light point that opens a
a little look from your eyelashes
I apply a nice volumizing mascara if
you want you can add eyelashes
finished
but to keep them well folded I use my fingers
I keep all the rest of my face a lot on
natural neutral then I apply a
blush on natural tones slightly
rosato then a kind of brown
rosy and opaque
you can to make the effect even more
as it is said more markedly apply a
corrector just to destroy
completely the lips and put some
of transparent gloss
I really don't like it I can't find it
fine be very well so I apply a
gloss then closes on the brown
as I told you they can be used
many colors this here with black the
brown just the most classic is that
classic but you can also do purple
the important thing is to have this effect
gradual then maybe a dark purple
that slowly becomes a pink or with a
dark blue that gradually becomes a
light blue or dark blue
floor becomes green you can
quietly experiment playing
quietly with colors and now me
I have to run because my boyfriend is there
that I'm waiting for we take dinner
so see you next time bye